{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Plymouth;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 MinecraftFiftySolid;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green0\blue14;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c93213\c13483\c4656;
}
\paperw7200\paperh11520\margl1080\margr1080\vieww28600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \page \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 PROVIDENCE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2   \
   \
\page \
\
\
Providence\
 by: Maclin\
\
\
Poems and Thought Starters\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Published by:\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 MIND\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \'a9 
\f0 Maclin 2022
\f3 \page 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dedicated to the curious beings willing to explore the depths of consciousness and its connection to the surrounding world. I hope\uc0\u8232 these thoughts resonate with your\u8232 body, mind & sol. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li5749\fi-22\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \page \pard\pardeftab720\li5749\fi-22\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\tx0\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li5759\fi2\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 prov\'b7i\'b7dence (n):\uc0\u8232  \u8232 	/\u712 pr\'e4vid\u601 ns/\
\'93The foreseeing care and guidance\uc0\u8232   of God or Nature over the\u8232   beings of Earth\'94\page \
\
\
\
\
\
So far,\uc0\u8232  I've enjoyed taking \u8232  the scenic route\u8232  to a simple life\page \
\
\
I wish to live\uc0\u8232  in the land of God\
\
The hand of man\uc0\u8232  has been pacified \u8232  chained and\u8232  manipulated\u8232  to build within \u8232  an artificial world\u8232  we cannot inhabit.\
\
I will find\uc0\u8232  freedom of the flesh\u8232  while I walk \u8232  upon this Earth.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I like walking because\uc0\u8232  it takes me as long\u8232  as it takes me \u8232  to get somewhere,\u8232  to get somewhere.\page \
\
\
\
\
I live best\uc0\u8232  by allowing Life\u8232  to show me \u8232  what she wants\u8232  me to see.\page \
\
\
\
\
I firmly\uc0\u8232  believe in heaven.\
I'm going to school \uc0\u8232  for it.\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\
The School of Life\
To go in to the world \uc0\u8232  or let the world \u8232  come to me?\
The dog can only walk \uc0\u8232  as far as his leash\u8232  will let him.\
I shed my chains \uc0\u8232  to embrace the sun \u8232  with an open heart.\
On the same knees \uc0\u8232  I once begged for freedom, \u8232  I now thank Life \u8232  for her mercy \u8232  and gentle guidance.\
\
I wash the blood \uc0\u8232  from my wounds\u8232  and hold my head \u8232  to the light to learn \u8232  my way home.\page \
\
\
\
\
Bound beneath this \uc0\u8232  veil of flesh\u8232  I express all \u8232  that I can \u8232  in hopes that \u8232  someone might understand\u8232  what's going on \u8232  under my skin.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The mountain I climb \uc0\u8232  has no peak.\
Only at the top can I find\uc0\u8232  the answers I seek.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
There is nothing \uc0\u8232  in this world to do \u8232  except to be.\page \
\
\
\
\
One must go\uc0\u8232  through becoming.\
In order to\uc0\u8232  \'93be\'94\page \
\
\
\
\
How many paths\uc0\u8232  up the mountain\u8232  lead to the top?\
\
All of them\page \
\
\
I am here -\uc0\u8232  Here.\
Plans made,\uc0\u8232 Plans met.\u8232 \u8232 From my home,\u8232  I\'92ve been sent\u8232  to see this place\u8232  to change my pace\u8232  and learn the ways\u8232  to walk with grace.\u8232 \u8232 I\'92m ready\u8232  with an open mind.\u8232 \u8232 There is no limit\u8232  to what I will find.\page \
\
\
\
Simply walking \uc0\u8232  through a forest\
I might crush\uc0\u8232  a young sampling \u8232  only trying to do its best. \
\
I meant only to walk in peace\uc0\u8232  but still inflicted pain..\page \
\
\
\
\
Heavy feet \uc0\u8232  destroy whole worlds\u8232  in clumsy step.\
I must learn\uc0\u8232  to float,\u8232  to flower,\u8232  and never burn.\page \
\
\
\
\
Where heaven and horizon collide\uc0\u8232  I walk the line.\
\
Level headed \uc0\u8232  in the center\u8232  with one foot \u8232  on either side.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Be open\uc0\u8232  to omens\u8232 And commit\u8232  to decisions\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I sit in silence \uc0\u8232  to wait for a divine sign \u8232  to pair up with the thoughts\u8232  dancing in my head.\page \
\
\
\
\
A tree limb falls \uc0\u8232  while I question my thoughts.\
Whose path am I next to cross?\page \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 The will and way\u8232  of the world is always\u8232  one step ahead.\
I am allowed\uc0\u8232  to choose my direction,\u8232  but will only see\u8232  what is destined for me.\page \
\
\
\
\
A lesson learned \uc0\u8232  in steady motion\u8232 \u8232 \'93Find the walking\u8232  Pace\u8232 that supports \u8232 a head held high\'94\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I can cross any bridge\uc0\u8232  in my mind\u8232  or with my feet\
Only one will take me\uc0\u8232  to the other side\page \
\
\
\
\
My life has often felt to me\uc0\u8232  like sitting backwards\u8232  on a train\u8232  with the world \u8232  revealing itself to me\u8232  only after I've\u8232  already passed on by.\page \
\
\
Direction changes -\uc0\u8232  fueled by desire\u8232  and concentration\
Observations on \uc0\u8232  the limitations of man\u8232  and it's companions \u8232  rush by quickly \u8232  in the stream\u8232  of my thoughts.\
I walk the banks\uc0\u8232  toes wet on\u8232  stones and sand,\u8232  testing my buoyancy,\u8232  testing my tolerance,\u8232  testing my will,\u8232  trusting it all.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
A man who walks\uc0\u8232  a similar route daily\u8232  will certainly leave his mark\page \
\
\
\
A routine will guide me -\uc0\u8232  but so will a rut.\
A home will protect me - \uc0\u8232  but so can a hut.\
Medicine,\uc0\u8232 Patience, \u8232 And rest should heal me - \u8232  but so may a cut.\
I tie together all \uc0\u8232  that suits me best\u8232  to design my own lifestyle.\page \
\
\
\
\
I am bound\uc0\u8232  to no horizon\u8232 \u8232 I am free\u8232  to walk wherever\u8232  I so please\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Looking down at the footsteps\uc0\u8232  I just left behind.\
\uc0\u8232 Are they all mine entirely?\page \
\
\
\
\
I find it strange - \uc0\u8232 \u8232 We plant our feet\u8232  to walk..\
How firm this Earth\uc0\u8232  that lets me leave so easily\page \
\
\
\
\
\
From life\uc0\u8232  I can always run\u8232 \u8232 From death\u8232  I can never hide.\page \
\
\
\
\
This game we play \uc0\u8232  is a matter\u8232  of life\u8232  and death\u8232 \u8232 A spinning wheel\u8232  until it stops\u8232 \u8232 We win every time.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Give   :  Gave\uc0\u8232 Grove  :  Grave\page \
\
\
\
\
\
There are two moments\uc0\u8232  in our lives where everyone\u8232  is nearly identical\u8232 \u8232 At conception & \u8232  at return to ashes\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Good forms\uc0\u8232  in the wake\u8232  of evil\u8232 \u8232 Life forms\u8232  in the wake\u8232  of death\page \
\
\
\
A boat casting waves\uc0\u8232  on still water\u8232 \u8232 A fallen tree\u8232  feeding it\'92s kin\
A lawn mower\uc0\u8232  on quiet Sunday.\
Disturbances of peace\uc0\u8232  give us all something\u8232  to settle back into\page \
\
\
\
\
If the answer to life is death..\uc0\u8232  then they must equate. \
If they equate, \uc0\u8232  they are the same thing \u8232  just on opposite sides \u8232  of the equation.\
It's all life or death for me, \uc0\u8232  but there is still the \'93or\'94. \
Something is in the middle..\page \
\
\
\
\
I think about it this way..\
If I died today\uc0\u8232  and could come back tomorrow -\u8232  where else would I go?\
Everything I know \uc0\u8232  and love\u8232  is here \u8232  in front of me\u8232  right now.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
It's appalling to me that \uc0\u8232  we live amongst \u8232  all this wildlife \u8232  and go on with our days \u8232  as if it doesn't exist..\page \
\
\
\
\
How foolish to think \uc0\u8232  that I control the sunrise, \u8232  but maybe I do?\
In either case, \uc0\u8232  I'm happy to share it \u8232  with everyone\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The Sun,\uc0\u8232  high in the sky\u8232  unites us all\u8232  in natural time.\page \
\
\
\
The Sun \uc0\u8232  endlessly cannibalizes itself \u8232  in order to give us life.\
If that's not love, \uc0\u8232  I don't know what is.\
I wish to do the same. \
Immolation by sincerity,\uc0\u8232  by generosity,\u8232  by caring expression.\page Mans machines are massive\uc0\u8232  sources of vibration.\
What am I tuned into?\uc0\u8232 \u8232 I can always tune into Nature,\u8232  but what do I \u8232  say in response?\
To a bird whistling\uc0\u8232  with the sunrise?\
To a butterfly quickly waving\uc0\u8232  hello and goodbye?\
To a dried riverbed, \uc0\u8232  waiting for spring?\
To a grasshopper holding onto \uc0\u8232  the last green of summer?\
To a wide open grassland\uc0\u8232  bursting with microcosmic life?\
To an October breeze rallying\uc0\u8232  the murmuring pines \u8232  arm and arm reaching out for\u8232  pockets of warmth\u8232  in the circling wind?\
Nothing -\uc0\u8232  just listen.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Within the trees\uc0\u8232  are all the answers\u8232  to the questions\u8232  of human life.\page \
Look no further\uc0\u8232  than a wooded acre\u8232  to house the wisdom\u8232  I faithfully seek\
Split it in half\uc0\u8232  and I'll be forced \u8232  to look longer.\
In that time\uc0\u8232  I might find even more\u8232  than what I bargained for.\
Reduce it once more\uc0\u8232  to just a single family of trees.\
Listen and watch\uc0\u8232  the branches and leaves\u8232  as they hug and silently share\u8232  all their ancient secrets.\
Even smaller still,\uc0\u8232  just one tree.\
Here stands the origin\uc0\u8232  of our existence\u8232  and beyond.\page \
\
\
\
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 A tree\u8232  never moves from\u8232  the spot of it\'92s seeding\u8232  and still receives\u8232  all the nutrients it needs\u8232  to live a fulfilling life\page \
A tree drops a seed\uc0\u8232  close by\u8232  on the opposite side\u8232  of a man made fence.\
Will that seed \uc0\u8232  and its mother grow\u8232  to live similar lives?\
Or, does exposure\uc0\u8232  to the outside \u8232  of the constructed\u8232  enclosure alter\u8232  attitude, demeanor\u8232  and composure?\
Maybe they wont be \uc0\u8232  too different?\
Maybe its best that \uc0\u8232  their roots tangle\u8232  but their branches \u8232  reach towards\u8232  opposite horizons?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
A good tree\uc0\u8232  protects it\'92s roots.\page \
\
\
\
\
Winds blow through,\uc0\u8232  dropping a seed \u8232  to the ground below.\
Separated from origin, \uc0\u8232  yearning to reach new heights \u8232  and return to its place \u8232  in the atmosphere.\page \
\
\
\
\
Whirring pine,\uc0\u8232  whisper me your tales\u8232  of far off winds\u8232  and trades of former day.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The tree is dead.\uc0\u8232 It is not done.\
The outstretched arms\uc0\u8232  remain held high,\u8232  generously offering rest\u8232  to the birds flying above.\page \
\
\
\
\
Two birds meet in a tree.\
One says hello \uc0\u8232  and then leaves.\
They are great friends\uc0\u8232  and will meet again.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
It is not for me\uc0\u8232  to decide where\u8232  a wild bird\u8232  will rest their wings.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
A tree drops dead\uc0\u8232  for the world below\u8232  to utilize its life work\u8232  of collected resources\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Are flowers grown\uc0\u8232  through the fence\u8232  meant to share\u8232  with people passing?\page \
\
\
\
\
Sweet desert roses\uc0\u8232  overwhelm my senses \u8232  and halt my footsteps.\
I see not the source\uc0\u8232  with my eyes \u8232  and now lead with my nose \u8232  to find this blessing.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
It took me a long time\uc0\u8232  to learn how to let \u8232  some flowers remain\u8232  where they stand.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
How rarely\uc0\u8232  I thank the birds\u8232  for their song..\
Applause,\uc0\u8232 Applause.\page \
\
\
\
I rose to birdsong \uc0\u8232  and the smell of rain to come.\
Lifting winters weighted blanket\uc0\u8232  my feet return\u8232  to thawing earth - \u8232  hugging my mother once again.\
I've been distant, \uc0\u8232  you've been hiding.\
Here -\uc0\u8232  We meet \u8232  at the birth \u8232  of spring.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Acquire necessities\uc0\u8232  by any means\u8232 \u8232 A lack of nutrients\u8232  will stunt growth.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Some see an abandoned lot\uc0\u8232  teaming with brush and weeds.\u8232 \u8232 I see man made material wants\u8232  washing away in the flows\u8232  of Nature\'92s grace.\page \
\
\
\
\
Soil turned for a new build\uc0\u8232  becomes a wet wasteland\u8232  on a rainy day.\
The birds don't mind\uc0\u8232  a little mud,\u8232  they will eat like royalty.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I recommend keeping a garden.\
To bring life\uc0\u8232  into this world\u8232  by choice,\u8232  with effort,\u8232  is a uniquely human quality.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Flood the garden \uc0\u8232  with rain from early seasons.\
The soil is soaked \uc0\u8232  and ready for fresh seeds\u8232  eagerly waiting to fruit.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Release with the rain\page \
\
\
\
Desert rain\uc0\u8232  on a rare earth formation \
I've climbed these rocks\uc0\u8232  many times before\
I may have slipped,\uc0\u8232  cracked some stones,\u8232  and cut a new groove\u8232  here and there,\u8232  but always knew\u8232  when it was time\u8232  to settle my step.\page \
\
\
The rain has come and gone.\uc0\u8232 The seeds of spring\u8232  have taken root.\
The blood of winter \uc0\u8232  has been drawn \u8232  to feed the sprouts\u8232  and raise the fruit\
As the sun sets \uc0\u8232  in the west,\u8232  I spy a new horizon.\
With my heart drumming\uc0\u8232  for freedom.\
I stand tall and stride on.\page \
\
\
\
Water\
Fresh, fresh,\uc0\u8232  clean and clear.\
Raging waves focus\uc0\u8232  all attention on\u8232  keeping the ship afloat\u8232 \u8232 Calm days allow\u8232  eyesight to walk\u8232  on the ocean floor,\u8232  seeking treasure\u8232  in the depths below\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The subtlety of a gentle wake\uc0\u8232  falling over its self\u8232  only to be caught gently\u8232  in its own arms\page \
\
\
\
\
To be water\uc0\u8232  crashing on one shore.\u8232 \u8232 Is to be water\u8232  crashing on all shores.\page \
\
\
\
\
A sharp and biting \uc0\u8232  but no less inviting wind wicks\u8232  the crests from atop\u8232  a choppy wake,\u8232  spraying wet freckles about -\u8232  only to be caught\u8232  by the next wave\u8232  following in succession.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I\'92m looking for\uc0\u8232  somewhere I can sit\u8232  by a fire\u8232  with someone who asks\u8232  great questions\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The wood that burns\uc0\u8232  the longest and the hottest\u8232  is often the most difficult\u8232  to chop\page \
\
\
\
\
A cold day's walk \uc0\u8232  led me to a neighborly fire.\
I stopped for the heat\uc0\u8232  and received \u8232  companionship instead.\
The littlest warmth\uc0\u8232  to hold in my frozen hands.\page \
\
\
Renewal\uc0\u8232 Re: New All\
Every Autumn \uc0\u8232  the leaves fall\
The winter brings us in -\uc0\u8232  closing the doors \u8232  to the cold and biting wind.\
Remember that spring \uc0\u8232  is just around the corner!\
The season of growth\uc0\u8232  and rising Sun\u8232  will return life to all.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
All beings are \uc0\u8232  worthy of life.\
Some just need\uc0\u8232  a helping hand.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The hand of God\uc0\u8232  is not always gentle\u8232  when providing divine guidance\page \
\
\
A slow and steady caterpillar\uc0\u8232  crosses a wide road\u8232  designed for car travel.\
I know the possibility\uc0\u8232  of this small creatures\u8232  painful demise..\
Is it right to lift \uc0\u8232  the little critter\u8232  to place it on \u8232  the other side\u8232  of the road,\u8232  or back from where it came?\u8232 \u8232 Do I leave it in place?\u8232 \u8232 Will my hand \u8232  save or condemn\u8232  this ignorant being?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
To think that I could help \uc0\u8232  a dandelion spread her seeds..\u8232 \u8232 How foolish of me.\
Maybe she wanted \uc0\u8232  to keep her children close?\page \
\
\
\
To the gentle rabbit\uc0\u8232  eating grass\u8232  in a large field,\
How do you choose\uc0\u8232 which plants to eat?\
There is an abundance \uc0\u8232  of good choices\u8232  all around you - \
Is it caution\uc0\u8232  patience,\u8232  or attraction\u8232  that guides your decisions?\page \
\
\
\
\
Who am I \uc0\u8232  to take a tomato\u8232  from my neighbors garden\u8232  without asking?\
What if those seeds\uc0\u8232  inside were meant\u8232  for something else?\page \
\
\
\
\
Today I saved a bird\uc0\u8232  from eating a\u8232  fake & decoy fish\
We are all being fed plastic\page \
\
\
Today I saved the life\uc0\u8232  of a loving lady bug\
She was drowning,\uc0\u8232  with wet wings\u8232  in a large lake.\
I wonder if her children\uc0\u8232  and children's children\u8232  will thank me?\
What about their children?\
Is this even possible to ask?\page \
\
\
\
Do the bees know they're working?\
Pollen collection\uc0\u8232  leads to a flourishing hive\u8232  and at the same time \u8232  a world of fruit \u8232  and flower erupts \u8232  right outside the front door.\
What sweet smell will \uc0\u8232  allow my wings \u8232  to flutter freely through\u8232  long laborious day?\page \
\
\
Maple seed,\uc0\u8232  traveling the open waters\u8232  of this great lake,\
You will find the shore.\uc0\u8232  it will become your home.\
From the plot\uc0\u8232  that became your place of rest,\u8232  you will tell the story\u8232  of a journey so magnificent\u8232  that even recalling \u8232  all the details\u8232  will be a challenge.\
Best wishes!\
Tell your family\uc0\u8232  I said hello.\page \
\
\
\
My spirit walks ahead of my body\
Narrow the focus,\uc0\u8232  listen for the birds - \u8232  children sing because \u8232  they haven't been told \u8232  not to yet.\
I drag my feet \uc0\u8232  through quicksand which running\u8232  turns to loose stone.\
Steadily, footsteps rise\uc0\u8232  as a mountain forms\u8232  beneath my feet.\page \
\
\
\
Inward facing.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Try faith first.\
Tear down old walls.\
The hill is steep.\
Keep climbing.\
Eyes to light.\page \
\
\
\
\
Routinely stabilized\uc0\u8232  by constant motion\
Perhaps if I only\uc0\u8232  stood still\u8232  for a moment,\u8232  everything would\u8232  fall into place?\page \
\
\
\
\
Collecting time -\uc0\u8232  I've been living fast \u8232  and I have a bunch.\
Time flies when\uc0\u8232  you're having fun..\
I wonder why \uc0\u8232  I always find myself\u8232  in a rush?\page \
\
\
\
\
Song pours from my lungs\
  \'93The power of truth\uc0\u8232    in the mind\u8232    will forever be mine\'94\
I lay motionless on the floor\uc0\u8232  counting the seconds\u8232  unto infinity.\page \
\
\
\
\
I lost touch with reality \uc0\u8232  a long time ago\
I'm doing my best \uc0\u8232  to bring my feet \u8232  back to earth -\
But my head \uc0\u8232  is far too comfortable \u8232  in the clouds.\page \
\
Push and pull - \uc0\u8232  the volatility of\u8232  highs and lows.\
I'm all over the place.. \uc0\u8232  Looking for why I'm made\u8232  to feel like I'd supposed\u8232  to make any changes.\
Is this my art?\uc0\u8232  Or, is this my life?\
As clear as this mirror may be\uc0\u8232  I feel I'm stuck in the middle \u8232  watching both sides pass by.\
How can I reflect \uc0\u8232  the good I've seen \u8232  and not hold on \u8232  to the image of the other?\
I seek, I seek.\page \
\
\
\
\
I decide what I want to see \
Love or Disdain\uc0\u8232 Connection or Separation\u8232 Trust or Fear\
Look at both in confusion\uc0\u8232  or turn a blind eye to one \u8232  and live unified.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
I love love\page \
\
\uc0\u8232 \
\
\
A face called home\page \
\
\
\
\
We've only just met \uc0\u8232  and my mind wanders to us\
Vital signs - \uc0\u8232 Show me that life\u8232  in your eyes.\
Ecstasy bubbling in my veins\uc0\u8232  and we haven't even touched.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
She is to be\uc0\u8232  what is of me\page \
\
\
\
\
New faces don't mean strangers -\uc0\u8232  We've probably met before\u8232  which is why we're here again.\
I guess we just didn't \uc0\u8232  get enough of each other\u8232  the first time around.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I\'92d kill for you..\
But only every flower\uc0\u8232  I pick on the way\u8232  to your doorstep\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
She is my\uc0\u8232  =\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Time is valuable\uc0\u8232  and I like\u8232  to spend mine\u8232  with her\page \
\
\
\
\
\
A simple desire\uc0\u8232 \u8232 To watch the way she moves\u8232  in those high heeled shoes\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I made those earrings for her\uc0\u8232  so whenever the wind blows\u8232  she\'92ll hear my voice.\page \
\
\
\
\
Love is beautiful \uc0\u8232  but has also\u8232  brought me sadness.\
Longing will pull the heart \uc0\u8232  it's separate ways\u8232  releasing tears \u8232  to be dried \u8232  on the warm shoulder \u8232  of the one \u8232  I so deeply adore.\page \
\
\
\
\
Stranded in an ocean \uc0\u8232  of thought and love\
What use is it to swim\uc0\u8232  against the waves and current?\
Nature will guide me home,\uc0\u8232  or at least a place  \u8232  to rest my heart\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Meeting her has\uc0\u8232  brought to light\u8232  the full image\u8232  of my shadow\page \
\
\
\
\
I push away \uc0\u8232  from everything and all\u8232  so that at the ultimate\u8232  extension and reach\u8232  of my long arms\u8232  I can pull myself in\u8232  with a rush and force\u8232  to hold whatever\u8232  or whoever\u8232  flush to my body.\page \
\
\
\
\
I encountered love\uc0\u8232  when I was alone.\
It was my shelter,\uc0\u8232  it was my home.\
In my suitcase,\uc0\u8232  packed my still beating heart\
From our decay,\uc0\u8232  has grown my art.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Flashbacks\uc0\u8232  and an air of past romance\u8232  that never actually happened\u8232  outside of my imagination.\page \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Bury me\u8232  in the hole\u8232  I fell in\
\
Love hurts\uc0\u8232  when true loss\u8232  is unearthed\page \
\
\
\
Dried & cracked mud\uc0\u8232  folded hands\u8232  under brilliant Sun.\
\uc0\u8232 The light tells me \u8232  only everything \u8232  that is not.\
One more time\uc0\u8232  I return\u8232  to internal illumination.\page \
\
\
\
\
I seek to know God,\uc0\u8232  we are made in his image.\
If I know myself entirely, \uc0\u8232  I will know the image of God.\
But why the mirror\uc0\u8232  between us?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
[ i / o ]\page \
\
\
\
The mirror on the \uc0\u8232  wall won't lie.\u8232 \u8232 Neither will the folds\u8232  on the hands of time.\
I find myself\uc0\u8232  looking for light\u8232  in my eyes..\
Am I who I am\uc0\u8232  in my mind?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
It can take years \uc0\u8232  to discover duality\u8232  and truly resolve \u8232  a personal understanding.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Is someone from afar\uc0\u8232  the same person\u8232  as up close?\
Projections arise\uc0\u8232  within the void of reflections\page \
\
\uc0\u8232 \
\
Light never touches the brain\uc0\u8232  without initial processing\u8232  by the eyes.\
With everything going on \uc0\u8232  inside of us \u8232  it is nearly impossible for us\u8232  to see the same thing.\u8232 \u8232 Why do we remain so opinionated\u8232  over concepts and objects\u8232  that aren\'92t truly identical?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
No one can ever\uc0\u8232  know me completely\u8232 \u8232 Only the image\u8232  that I reflect\page \
\
\
\
I found stillness \uc0\u8232  standing in the shadow \u8232  of my reflection.\
The blinding light \uc0\u8232  that guides me forward \u8232  has revealed my darkness \u8232  and the form \u8232  it came to fit. \
To forget the fear \uc0\u8232  of what the mirror will show\u8232  is to truly love\u8232  what is impossible to know.\page \
\
\
\
Eye contact \uc0\u8232  takes just a moment.\
Look in through those windows\uc0\u8232  to see the entire outside world\u8232  of someone who is open\u8232  to take a moment \u8232  for eye contact\
Stare into the seconds\uc0\u8232  and watch them \u8232  unfold into eternity\page \
\
\
\
\
I learned who I am\uc0\u8232  by reflecting upon\u8232  my internal experiences\page \
\
\
\
\
\
My method is simple - \uc0\u8232  I simply ask God\u8232  to speak through me, \u8232  and the world around me.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I see farther out\uc0\u8232  into the universal landscape\u8232  by diving deeper\u8232  into my self\page \
\
\
\
\
\
To be as kind\uc0\u8232  as to turn\u8232  water to wine\page \
\
\
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
WE\uc0\u8232 \'97\'97\u8232 ME\page \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Dear God,\
Please erase\uc0\u8232  the invisible line\u8232  between us people\page \
\
\
\
\
\
We need to work together\uc0\u8232 \u8232 I lift the person beside me\u8232  and in turn\u8232  I will be lifted\page \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \ul Affirmations\ulnone \page \
\
\
\
\
No matter the purpose,\uc0\u8232  once I realized \u8232  that I have one,\u8232  time became the only \u8232  thing that matters.\
Am I going stop short\uc0\u8232  or will I carry the torch\u8232  all the way?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
My work is perfect you see..\
I couldn't possibly do it \uc0\u8232  any other way than \u8232  the way I did it.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
When I am numb,\uc0\u8232  I dig into my heart.\
Yes, it hurts..\uc0\u8232  but at least\u8232  I feel something!\page \
\
\
\
\
\
What is supposed to happen \uc0\u8232  in the places \u8232  I've been called to \u8232  is only just waiting \u8232  for me to arrive.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The God I follow\uc0\u8232  is good and true\page \
\
\
\
\
\
My escape\uc0\u8232  is that which\u8232  captures me completely\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I\'92ve always sought peace\uc0\u8232  and peace is what I\'92ve found\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Breathe in moments,\uc0\u8232  breathe out presence\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Live a good life now\uc0\u8232  to avoid the fear\u8232  of remembering later on\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I am a carbon based life form\uc0\u8232  slowly turning into diamonds\page \
\
\
\
Look at all the\uc0\u8232  abundance around me.\
Every object in this home -\uc0\u8232  a story of success.\
Every tree in the lawn - \uc0\u8232  a fertile growth.\
Every moment - \uc0\u8232  another breath absorbed \u8232  for continued experience.\
I am so grateful \uc0\u8232  to be surrounded by energy \u8232  that desires for me \u8232  to be successful as well.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Everything I truly need,\uc0\u8232  is coming to me.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I love that I follow\uc0\u8232  the path illuminated \u8232  by my heart.\
It is because I follow \uc0\u8232  this path that all my  \u8232  meaningful endeavors \u8232  reward me consistently\u8232  and bountifully.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I am gentle when I\uc0\u8232  take from the Earth.\u8232 \u8232 She spent a long time\u8232  making this for us.\page \
\
\
\
\
Remember \uc0\u8232  the blessings \u8232  I\'92ve had \u8232  in the past\
They do not\uc0\u8232  last forever\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Expect nothing -\uc0\u8232 Prepare for it all\page \
\
\
\
\
I\'92m learning that \uc0\u8232  broken things \u8232  don\'92t fix themselves.\u8232 \u8232 It can take two hands \u8232  or many more \u8232  to make what \ul was\ulnone , \uc0\u8232  whole again\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I ask that you know me\uc0\u8232  not as I am,\u8232  but who I will be\u8232  as revealed in time.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I'm in a committed relationship\uc0\u8232  with the future\u8232  that I'm creating.\
I remember that future \uc0\u8232  the way I want to see it.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I'll never sell my soul\uc0\u8232  to be successful, \u8232  but I will give my life\u8232  to make my dreams come true.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Every day starts and ends\uc0\u8232  with a prayer thanking God\u8232  for this beautiful life \u8232  and asking what I must do \u8232  to serve us all best.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I often do things\uc0\u8232  to learn what not to do\page \
\
\
\
\
To sin is to take \uc0\u8232  one step back\u8232 \u8232 We are bound\u8232  to sin so that\u8232  we may learn\u8232  right from wrong\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
The thoughts I think\uc0\u8232  are not in words,\u8232  but shapes, lines & colors\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
I accept my blessings\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I\'92ve found yoga\uc0\u8232  to be the process\u8232  of becoming my pain\u8232  so that my pain\u8232  does not become me\page \
\
\
\
\
I am empty \uc0\u8232  and refilled, again \u8232  and again. \
My pen -\uc0\u8232  a glass \u8232  of wine \u8232  for all of us \u8232  to share and sip \u8232  and pass \u8232  and sip again.\page \
\
\
\
\
I always wanted to be a writer\uc0\u8232  and every day \u8232  that I sat down to write,\u8232  nothing would come out.\
One day it hit,\uc0\u8232  maybe sitting isn\'92t for me!\page \
\
\
\
\
I am a stoic \uc0\u8232  prone to having\u8232  massive mood swings\
I tear myself apart \uc0\u8232  to stay centered.\
Please bleed for me,\uc0\u8232  words I speak,\u8232  and hold together these\u8232  fragments of a dream.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I will not force myself\uc0\u8232  into a skin that\u8232  I am uncomfortable wearing\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Looking beyond myself \uc0\u8232  for accountability \u8232  leads me to attachment\page \
\
\
\
\
\
What I say\uc0\u8232  or don\'92t say\u8232  can say a lot \u8232  about how I feel\page \
\
\
\
\
Many times been damaged.\uc0\u8232 Many time have received \u8232  a full recovery\
I let everything out\uc0\u8232  to find empty\u8232  and to fill myself\u8232  once again with everything\u8232  I want to be\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
MAYA | AY AM \page \
\
\
\
\
\
This pen I hold\uc0\u8232  allows me to reach\u8232  just beyond my fingertips.\u8232 \u8232 That is all I need\u8232  to touch my dreams.\page \
\
\
Gentle,\uc0\u8232 Gentle,\u8232  the way we go - \
Suppress the sky \uc0\u8232  to catch a cloud.\
My merrily merrily life\uc0\u8232  that was once a dream\u8232  has taken root\u8232  to lift the earth\u8232  up to my feet.\
I am a free man\uc0\u8232  that wants to fly.\
What fun is it\uc0\u8232  to fly alone?\
I must loosen \uc0\u8232  every other chain first.\page \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \ul Wisdom\ulnone \page \
\
\
\
\
\
Even wisdom\uc0\u8232  has dumb in it\page \
\
\
\
\
\
My understanding of life\uc0\u8232  is based entirely on\u8232  the electro-chemical stimulus\u8232  from my environment.\page \
\
\
\
\
Freed from all restrictions \uc0\u8232  wingtips may melt as they \u8232  brush by the Sun.\
Liberty is found \uc0\u8232  in the freedom of choice, \u8232  and then choosing right.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Every creative expression\uc0\u8232  carries with it\u8232  the seed of the next\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Words weigh nothing\uc0\u8232  on the page\u8232  but are worth \u8232  their weight in gold\u8232  in the heart and soul\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Fortuna  :  Sfortuna\uc0\u8232 Words   :  Swords\page \
\
\
\
\
What kind of consequences \uc0\u8232  will I face acting \u8232  solely out of love? \
Will they be prosequences? \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Advantageous and multiplicative?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Focus on only\uc0\u8232  the breath\u8232 \u8232 My body\u8232  will do the \ul rest\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\ulnone Humanity is only\uc0\u8232  and interim phase\u8232  of our being\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Sometimes rain is good\uc0\u8232  to find all the holes\u8232  in the roof\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Loose plans\uc0\u8232  fall through\u8232  their own\u8232  shaky foundations\page \
\
\
\
\
\
One crooked post\uc0\u8232  in the fence\u8232 \u8232 Bent out of shape\u8232  but still doing the job\page \
\
\
\
\
Studying religion & philosophy \uc0\u8232  is like downloading human\u8232  restrictions and freedoms. \
It's a evolving system \uc0\u8232  that allows the learner \u8232  to design their heaven \u8232  based on a template  \u8232  of their choosing\page \
\
\
\
\
\
A master of their craft\uc0\u8232  submits themself\u8232  to those who teach\u8232  and those who listen\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Question Command:\uc0\u8232 \u8232 What kinds of problems\u8232  do I ask myself to solve\u8232  inside and out?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Nirvana is pre-consciousness\uc0\u8232  and the non-prescription\u8232  of human ideals\u8232  onto any event.\page \
\
\
I cannot think my way \uc0\u8232  into Nirvana.\
I must become it.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Be silent,\u8232  be still.\u8232 \u8232 Listen to the\u8232  harmony of the\u8232  surrounding world.\u8232 \u8232 Let my thoughts\u8232  feel the beauty\u8232  of what can't be seen.\u8232 \u8232 I close my eyes\u8232  to dance with\u8232  an invisible rhythm.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The right kind of person\uc0\u8232  will find something wrong\u8232  with everything I do\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Unsigned artwork\uc0\u8232  is an artists\u8232  greatest disguise\page \
\
\
\
\
\
We all need \uc0\u8232  to correct the \u8232  playful weapon behavior\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Every should contains \uc0\u8232  potential energy that must exist\u8232  for the universe\u8232  to operate properly\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Capitalistic consumerism\uc0\u8232  is microwave cooking\u8232  the entire planet\page \
\
\
\
\
Destruction\uc0\u8232  is a creation\u8232  of a new form\u8232  of what was\page \
\
\
\
\
\
I could never destroy Nature,\uc0\u8232  only restructure it\u8232  in another way\page \
\
\
\
\
\
To dispel magic\uc0\u8232  is just as powerful\u8232  as it\'92s implementation\page \
\
\
\
\
\
The value of genius\uc0\u8232  is often under appreciated\u8232  because to the outside world\u8232  it all looks so simple\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Free will is a \uc0\u8232  consequence of consciousness\page \
\
\
\
\
\
In our ever evolving world\uc0\u8232  silence has become a commodity\page \
\
\
\
\
Thumb speak\uc0\u8232  is silent\u8232 \u8232 My lips \u8232  cherish eardrums \u8232  and the perfume \u8232  of laughter\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Mirrors are reactionary\page \
\
\
\
\'93Beauty is Pain\'94 & \uc0\u8232 \'93The Truth hurts\'94\
The affect of truth\uc0\u8232  is Pain - \u8232  when Pain = Beauty,\u8232  truth is the cause of both.\u8232 \u8232 what do they say about\u8232  Pain being temporary?\
Beauty is fleeting..\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Beauty and Pain are\u8232  a condition of circumstance\u8232  bound to a moment of\u8232  experiencing the truth\page \
\
\
\
\
\
In artistry,\uc0\u8232  the audience does not \u8232  applaud your emotions\u8232  but instead,\u8232  how you dealt with them.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
It\'92s not about food..\uc0\u8232  starving artists\u8232  are hungry for success\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Melancholy Man - \uc0\u8232  the cause is want.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Pass no judgement,\uc0\u8232  we haven\'92t yet heard\u8232  all of what God\u8232  has asked me to do\page \
\
\
\
\
Don\'92t melt the butter,\uc0\u8232  heat the knife.\
Take only what\'92s needed\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\'93Instagoraphobia\'94 \uc0\u8232   - A fear of crowded \u8232     internet places \page \
\
\
\
\
Instant Digital Empathy \uc0\u8232  rapidly alters our\u8232  moods and emotions.\u8232 \u8232 Feeling anything,\u8232  and many things,\u8232  from a distance\u8232  will continuously\u8232  wreak havoc on our society\page \cf4 \
\
\
\
\
\cf2 Thoughts are things,\uc0\u8232  they have mass.\u8232 \u8232 Compounding mass increases\u8232  gravitational pull.\u8232 \u8232 Increased gravity \u8232  will speed up\u8232  the flow of Time.\page \
\
\
\
\
As we create more space\uc0\u8232  to allocate information,\u8232  we dig a hole\u8232  deeper and deeper\u8232  into a universe\u8232  of our own design\page \
\
\
\
\
\
We\'92re all just\uc0\u8232  bites and bytes\u8232  of our neighbors memory\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Questions of the unknown\uc0\u8232  become self evident\u8232  with patience\page \
\
\
\
\
\
What must I do\uc0\u8232  to once more touch infinity?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Do black holes\uc0\u8232  eat passing light\u8232  and produce gravity?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Do oscillations in gravity\uc0\u8232  create a frequency\u8232  to move Time?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
Time moves slow & \uc0\u8232  Life climbs through it.\
Bound by gravity,\uc0\u8232  separated by death.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
How do I describe zero\uc0\u8232  when anything I say\u8232  describes what it is not?\page \
\
\
\
\
\
What is my reality?\uc0\u8232 \u8232 How can I share it \u8232  in enough detail\u8232  for someone else\u8232  to understand completely?\page \
\
\
\
\
Cradle me,\uc0\u8232  I am infant\u8232  once again.\u8232 \u8232 I\'92ve forgotten all \u8232  I thought I\'92ve known.\page \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Thank you\page }